what's a Pokemon fit this is green as
bringing you my first narration on the
Pokemon fit beta channel so um my
opponent actually is unknown so um you
guys are gonna have to take him by his
uh his on screen name which you'll see
right now so here we go anyway he's
going to lead over to Snorlax which is
kind of weird and I'm gonna lead off the
monkey I'm gonna go for the fake out in
the first term because fake out is what
ambipom does and that's what I'm gonna
do so I see that he has a lefties so I'm
not worried about like chest au resto
belly drum whatever whatever so I'm just
gonna go for the u-turn just because I
know he might go for like a um Marty
Stein or something but he actually
switches on to fortune as i go for the
u-turn fortunes is packing the lefties
and I you turn out into my Venus or
knowing that I could put this thing to
see if I don't want to go straight out
into my arcanine to get um a flavorless
off because I don't know if you have a
key man or something I want to scout for
more so i was wondering so put him to
sleep and then now switch on the ark and
I I still want to go for these I think I
do I go for this toxic hair I think I
actually go for the flare blitz just to
be safe and he actually wakes up on the
turn that I switching on mark and i got
to pay back off but that's not gonna do
anything and i do go for the flare bitch
now I know I should've went for the
toxic predicting the switch because he
does go to the vaporeon but it doesn't
really matter in the long run that I
didn't get off the toxic I go for the
flavor is still does a decent amount
considering that thing was listed it's
very bulky um I decide to go to toxic a
liver sir probably got over Morning Sun
later in the game on and I do survive
the surf like I said um he takes me down
to about 69 which is epic because 69 is
epic and 69 year so he get some lefties
um the toxic dam is gonna take that
right back away from him though and I'm
gonna search our hair faring distance a
second surf and I'm gonna go into a
venusaur actually he goes for the wish
and because he goes to the wish I'm kind
of fairing the protect here but I really
don't have any other choice but to go
for just to go for something so I decide
to go for we say but unfort no I mean
well not unfortunately he does not go
for the protect and he
she just goes for a surf which kind of
confused me because surf doesn't really
do anything to me and I get a leech seed
off on him which is perfect because
that's just where you want on the poori
on to be so I get all my health back and
he's losing health more than gaining it
and um I know he's gonna switch out here
and he switched onto an electrode which
wasn't his lead which was surprising and
um I predicted the switching went for a
leap seed and I get the lee sedol front
electrode and that um ruse to be great
for me so search on arcanine here not
knowing what he wants to do and I don't
want to take like a rain dance or
whatever I don't know what the hell he
wants to do I could have stayed in an
attack but I just wanted to get um heal
up with arcanine so I'm just an
electrode here get the actually I
thought he would go for the explosion
that's why certain organized to get the
intimidate and or whatever so on he goes
for a hidden power whatever that was I
don't know what it was but he was better
off going for the Thunderbolt and I
guess he predicted my switch button
power didn't do anything to me and I
don't I get a Morning Sun off and get
back to greenhouse and since easily see
didn't sets up a sub I know I could just
um stall him out I could just leave seen
stall him out so I just decide to go for
the Morning Sun here knowing that he's
probably gonna go forth under a
thunderbolt and he does go further
bulletins on the yellow I go for the
Morning Sun and go right back up to
Green recovering all the healthy just
took away from me so uh I get back near
too full and um I switch out here
knowing he's gonna go for another
thunderbolt and it won't do anything to
my Venus or and Venus or is going to
take nothing from that like I said and
I'm gonna get some well he's gonna die
to a life where before I even get some
leech leech seed recovery from him but
that's good for me so he goes on too
much on machamp here and um I don't know
what to expect well I dunno what to
expect from it like the usual dynamic
punch whatever I go on the road somebody
actually goes to the earthquake is very
unique and since I seen go for the
earthquake I was expecting the burn orb
and he does pet the burn arm so he
activates his burn orb and um I know
this is a gun he goes to the stone is
unfortunately for him he does miss and
um he gets hurt by his burn and a second
phone number will be able to take him
out no problem so Down Goes is Machamp
and I think incomes
uh Snorlax yeah I don't stand to attack
this guy so um I switch out because I am
scarf then I said on the Swamper which
is the only owe you i have on this team
so i decided to switch right back out
into my tomtom just to get the trick off
on this guy and I do go for the trick
and that cripples his Snorlax severely
so now he goes to a stockpile as i go
for the trick and I stuck on stockpile
so there's no point in him staying and
so you're gonna have to switch out he
searches out into fortress and I go for
the Thunderbolt knowing he has vaporeon
and then I pokemon can take it on the
wall too well I do over half with the
thunderbolt and with left he recovers
some and he goes back over half I take
him out with the second Thunderbolt with
a crit I don't i'm not sure if that
matter but it honestly really didn't
matter in the long run so whatever i go
i mean i tried to switch Ollie and he as
he goes into scissor but he does pack
the pursuit he takes out my route on no
problem so that's the first book when he
takes out for me and um I predict I'd go
on to Venus or get the leaf sedo if I
predictive search I wouldn't eat it
again I lessee his arm Snorlax on this
which I go for the sleep powder but um
it misses because bad luck and he goes
for body Sam gets a crit um because he's
lead seated I really don't care as to
where he could just keep body slamming
I'll go for armed sludge bomb here and
uh i don't know i'm not sure how much
that did actually that didn't really do
that much actually did a lot considering
that Snorlax is Julie especially
defensive and um now go for any g wall
just to see how much will do because i
never used this team that much and i
don't really play 4th gen too much
anymore so um I guess some leaves heat
recovery from this guy keep getting
leave seed recovery and he does get the
packs on his last body slam there so now
he's gonna be faster than me and um he
gets another bodies and I'm off he
leaves me with ATT I get the parallax
here and this last leech seed will be
able to take him out no problem so I am
left with 67 HP and I'm gonna be left at
89 after leftovers he goes on this is
over here I know the bullet punch or our
pursuit is coming so I decided to stay
in but he actually goes for the uterine
knowing that he got speed me and get on
to switch our internet way pouring on
knowing that my venusaur will be gone
and I decide to go out into my ambipom I
believe because i know i could just um
either go for the fake i could go for
the fake out get some poison damage on
him or if i go to fake out he'll just
protect and get even more poison damage
on him either way so he'll get poison on
him and um he does protect i go for the
return here just see how much will do i
not gonna survive and surf or i take a
toxic or whatever the hell he wants to
do so I go for the return it leaves them
in Lolo red and he goes to the wish
which sucks for him because he will die
to another arm another toxic on this
turn so Down Goes Away pori on that's
really good for me so in comes his final
Pokemon which will be his scizor and um
I believe he goes with a bullet punch
and I'm able to get the you turn off he
goes with a bowl upon time left before
90 I get the you turn off and I go out
into my arcanine and that will be Game
Boys and Girls um I will finish this guy
off with a flare but so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed um if you like the if you
like this video please like it ah rate
comment and subscribe subscribe to
Pokemon hit subscribe to my channel I
make awesome videos I do black and white
um all that stuff so um later guys hope
you enjoyed by
you